Next we're going to include the bar.
It's based on teaching about so go and create a new file save it in templates as now door each TNL
open a storage Chimo and below the closing nav tag.
Type include nav bar on each TNL
that cut everything from fixed now.
Bar all the way down to the closing of our TYG
and paste into non-chord or HMO.
We want the nav bar links to work.
We'll do this by using your names to link to each individual you are up.
So open your eyes to IPY and we need to make sure each year you are out as a need.
So the euro for home was home.
And the Eurail for ads has the name of the bet open nap or donation mail and it will use the your needs
to create working links.
So for the first link on my 15 euro
because home is the name of the euro VERCO and then for the link type your are all about
this link will now take users to the back page save all the files that have been added
run the local development server and go to the project's home page because of how far is included in
the base story.
She about everything looks the same from the nav bar.
Click on out and hope the links are working to make these pages look cleaner.
We want to get rid of most of the defaults provided by the Stra bootstrap.
So go back to base or Shibo and delete everything from line 55 div class page header all the way down
to the closing div tab.
On line 603 and delete all of that and save based on Ishmail and go ahead and refresh the whole page
and the page is looking much better.
We're going to put the Jumbotron into a loop lock code this block Jumbotron.
Open a solution about an open and close block for Jumbotron on 45 and 46 and look at the chart and log
and then go have an open home garnishee ECMO
and delete this law to unblock and in it's place.
Copy and block jumbotron and block in homes each.
Go back to base storage shemale and cut everything from line 51 main Jumbotron to the closing DIV tag
and open homebodies shemale invoke Jumbotron paste the Jumbotron each team out
and go back to the home page and refresh.
So we use the Jumbotron as a marketing area.
You say Lawks makes the code easier to read and ensures maintainability.
We're going to send the text in the Jumbotron inside a block watching us.
So go back to based on a shemale and underneath lock content and lock 1:49 copied and pasted below and
block content.
We'll call this block styles.
The block styles and paste it into Hold on each.
And then inside block styles and home Dolly's symbol type style tag.
And then close that style tag.
And then type Jumbotron
text a line
co-lead center Sonicwall
and this will center the text in the Jumbotron.
This is inside of it Shamal style tag makes the text editor recognize this code as VSS assess the text
that then one will then check the culprit see says typos to save that refresh chrome and the Jumbotron
text is now centered the novel is coming together.
However the Hobley is highlighted no matter what page we are all so open.
Nop are dotted Shobal class equals active is what is causing the homely to be highlighted.
So classical is active and save not bar on each Jammal and refresh the home page now.
No link in the now or is highlighted the page users on.
Should have it's not BORLING collided so backed it up hardbody shemale
ortolan 15 and the Subi in between two curly brackets and 2% times.
Write your owl home as home because we're going to get these links working.
And then write your all about that as a patch and then on line 17
next to the starting list item say for Quest path equals hole
will have about class equals active
and then when needed and that if statements
than on line 18 will do something similar.
So go ahead and call that and pasted it next to the list.
Or 18.
This will be if request or Poth equals about and will have that classic was active.
If there are the page 15 that the euro will hold to a variable called whole line 16 sets the euro.
Add it to a variable called a bet we use if requests start path to check if the current Euro is the
home euro.
If the current Euro path equals the path for the home euro then the user must be on the home page.
The home number lake is then set to classical active if the current Euro path equals the path for the
page.
The upper lake will have classical active saving up are already shmo refresh the home page and click
on home at about the crack.
Now bar link is highlighted.
Great the numbers coming together.